Dashboard NSE readme.md, before:

Welcome to my Excel Visualisation For Nairobi Stock Exchange

### Objective
I wanted to Visualise the Trade Volume,Trade Value and the Total Trades that took place in the Nairobi Stock Exchange in the given dates.(Although not specified accurately)

I found that the best visualisation chart to use was a bar graph to that had an accurately depiction of TradeVolume,TradeValue and Total Trades

### Traded Volume,Traded Value and Total Trades For Egyptian companies

<h1>Traded Volume</h1>
<img src-"Traded Volume for Egyptian Companies.jpg">

<h1>Trade Value</h1>
<img src-"Traded Value for Egyptian Companies.jpg")

<h1>Total Trades</h1>
<img src-"Total Trades per Company for Egyptian companies in NSE.jpg">

The companies that had the best valuation were the Egyptian companies:
 -AIFI - Atlas For Investment and Food Industries
 -GGCC - Giza General Contracting and Real Estate Investment Co

 Also they maintained the most trades were done beetween these two companies.I suspect because of thee low opening prices that encourage more traders to actually trade with these stocks the most.


 For Kenyan Companies the stock that had the most volume was Equity-EQY

 Overall the Kenyan companies and Nigerian companies had low tradedd volumes,trade value and the no.of trades executed where very low.

Commit message:

Just Tries to update with Screenshots

Dashboard NSE readme.md, after:

Welcome to my Excel Visualisation For the Nairobi Stock Exchange

### Objective
I wanted to Visualise the Trade Volume, Trade Value, and Total Trades that took place in the Nairobi Stock Exchange on the given dates.(Although not specified accurately)

I found that the best visualization chart to use as a bar graph that had an accurate depiction of TradeVolume, TradeValue and Total Trades

### Trade Volume, Trade Value, and Total Trades For Egyptian Companies

<h1>Traded Volume</h1>
<img src-"Traded Volume for Egyptian Companies.jpg">

<h1>Trade Value</h1>
<img src-"Traded Value for Egyptian Companies.jpg")

<h1>Total Trades</h1>
<img src-"Total Trades per Company for Egyptian companies in NSE.jpg">

The companies that had the best valuation were the Egyptian companies:
 -AIFI - Atlas For Investment and Food Industries
 -GGCC - Giza General Contracting and Real Estate Investment Co

Also, they maintained that most trades were done between these two companies. I suspect because of the low opening prices encourage more traders actually to trade with these stocks the most.

For Kenyan Companies the stock that had the most volume was Equity-EQY
Overall the Kenyan companies and Nigerian companies had low trade volumes, trade value, and the no.of trades executed where very low.

### Note
In case the images do not appear we have screenshots in the branches to illustrate my point
